1. Asynchronous natures are a pain point because then we are not able to easily control the logical order the computer will execute the steps. We have to keep in mind the timing. Loose typing can be a pain point because if we as developers make a logical error, it would be hard to find since it is not caught as a syntax error which leads to unpredictable behavior. The web platform  that it runs on can also be a pain point because developers depend on the browser and its version and what
   it currently supports or did support.
   2. I think it was because they wanted most websites to run, regardless of the developer's skill or its current build stage. I think they added asynchronous features because if the internet it slow, it would benefit the user to load other features first.
   3. Compiled languages are ready to run after being compiled. Interpreted languages are translated to machinee code and run as it goes along. JavaScript is interpreted. Cons could be that it could run slower, but pros are that even if the internet is spotty and we can't load it at once, it can interpret over time.
   4. I think it is important to understand the underlying capabilities before trying frameworks because we can get confused easily when trying a new tool. Furthermore, we can learn frameworkds a lot faster and understand it on a deeper level if we have the basics down first.
   5. This lab is directly related to my project because we will use javascript to implement logic in our weebsite. We will use this language to implement our website and make it run.
